here's what guys welcome to today's
video
disclaimer if you hear someone chewing
in the background that is rascal so now
you know I don't care whatever okay so
what are we doing today you asking me
yes okay I was just letting on this so I
don't really know you know I kind of
know you're trying out new Fanta thing
drip inside make another flavor mixture
okay so what we're doing
it's a Fanta has come out with insta mix
you get when you buy a bottle and you
pour inside of one of these 50
milliliters and then you kind of like
turn it upside down a little bit don't
shake it because that's not good and it
becomes a different flavor and I think
you're supposed to do it with orange I
don't know if you can do it with other
flavors but they recommend the orange so
that's what we're doing and the flavors
are pineapple cherry
Linnea bah I hate pineapple as a flavor
I hate it I hate pineapple in general I
love everything cherry so I'm excited
about that one and a banana is probably
pretty different
I want to start with banana it's neither
almost so excited about it oh it smells
so gross this smells like artificial
banana why is banana green okay
we cannot miss a difference
I don't like funda in general but I
think this takes exactly saying I don't
know I think this tastes better than
regular father it was not a plus for me
it front thighs here this was here but
in general I don't like it but it wasn't
that okay next favorite do you want to
pineapple or cherry let's go with cherry
first because that's gonna be this best
I want to wash it down with something Oh
smells like IKEA furniture no I thank
you if it tastes anything like it
smelled
we are do because the banana did not
taste like it smells so also de'cine
though this video is not sponsored by
Fanta because apparently if a youtuber
makes sponsored content they're big bags
so not sponsored that's nothing can
barely taste the difference pretty good
I mean it I can't slightly taste the
cherry the words are still dominant I
still think it's better than regular fun
though
but the sherry is not good so if fun
toys here banana is here cherry is here
but what I liked is to still up here so
it's still over your skills now we have
pineapple I'm guessing that I won't be
able to taste this either because that
has been the trend so far yeah yeah you
just like it because you think that you
should have this just makes it more
orange right well done by Mike hello
this was a pretty color
it matches the stuff stuff the label
pioneer burn
didn't taste that good either tastes
better than both of the other ones but
uh I
I'd like my Fanta clean of this so what
we did was just threw in three Fantas
you can have this one I'll take the
other two yeah I'd like all of them
without anything in it want to fight yes
banana - I would rate banana I mean it's
difficult since fire is not oh I liked
it
five is I don't even know what fighters
but I know I guess would be a three out
of five
Jerry one four out of five so in general
I would say that these instant mix is
they don't make a huge difference but
enough difference to kind of ruin it if
you do like the regular Fanta it's at
the pineapple that just made it
disgusting is it worth it maybe if you
want to try it out it could be fun but I
mean if the question is still do you
like Fanta or not if you do then just
fire fun thought if you don't I don't
think this will make you like it so so I
don't even know the point of this but if
you do like fun guy with a chick like
change the flavor for some reason don't
eat the bed then go for it
Swedish word of the day is have you had
soda
feels like a word you should have had
yeah probably
I've done some which works like two
minutes are they gonna bust your ass if
you had this before
yeah Swedish word soda is list
really
I can't see that's that's good
okay that's enough for today's video
oh I hope you liked it we already don't
we dread the day the camera is not going
to shake now because someone's eating
its bone on this oh my god rascal
nobody's described in this blue there